Have you ever wondered why men are
sliding into your DMs and not you into
theirs? Why men keep whistleblowing
women on the street? Why men keep
approaching women? Exactly. Men crave
feminine softness, crave feminine
energy. They want to be surrounded by
beauty, care, communication,
spirituality. They live off feminine
energy. Now, the boyfriend title takes
away all the responsibilities of being a
man. Being a man means being able to
provide, being emotionally available,
conquering a woman, taking care of the
family, being protective, and so on.
Only a so-called boyfriend would reap
the benefits of being with a woman
without actually providing husband
material. A real and serious man is
seeing a woman and he says, "I'm going
to do everything in my power to make her
mine, to make her want to spend the rest
of her life with me." Now, he's stepping
up in his masculinity and he is starting
to conquer her. He is starting to invest
time, energy, effort, money, everything
in his power to make her his wife. Now,
a boyfriend in comparison, as the name
already says, is coming from a boy, not
a man. A boy wants to have all the
benefits of being with a woman while not
committing to her fully while keeping
his options open while doing the bare
minimum and then asking her what she is
bringing to the table because he is not
fully committed. He doesn't want to
spend his life with you and that's the
pure honesty. He is still a boy. All he
can give you is boyfriend material. Now
the question is why do you as a woman
want to have a boyfriend? What are your
benefits of this relationship? A man is
always taking from you. A man is taking
from your energy. A man is taking from
your time. A man is taking your care
that you could also be investing in
yourself instead. So actually a
boyfriend is blocking your way to your
success, to your dream life because he's
just taking from you. Keep that in your
mind and instead of wasting your time on
a boyfriend man, invest the time in
yourself. Create your life. Trade your
standards and then let a husband man
meet you